README.md, before:

# React JS Practice

This project was built alongside [this Learn React JS course from FreeCodeCamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLX62G4lc44). It's a lot of fun so far!

I'm approaching it a bit differently since the course encourages using Scrimba. I prefer using VS Code and a range of npm packages to manually set up my dev environment.

The first app created in this course is a traditional Todo App. Here's a screenshot:

![Todo_App_Screenshot](./src/img/todo-app-screenshot-1.png 'Todo App Screenshot')

Colors are pulled from [morhetz/gruvbox](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox). It's the color scheme I use in VS Code and all over my OS UI. I'll change/improve the coloring during a future update.

For anyone curious, here's how my VS Code looks. It's using gruvbox light (hard contrast):

![Dev_Environment_Screenshot](./src/img/dev-environment-screenshot.png 'Dev Environment Screenshot')

And here's all three monitors:

![Dev_Environment_Screenshot_Full](./src/img/dev-environment-screenshot-full.png 'Dev Environment Screenshot Full')

Commit message:

Finished initial version of todo app, switched to material color palettes, polished styling a bit

README.md, after:

# React JS Practice

This project was built alongside [this Learn React JS course from FreeCodeCamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLX62G4lc44). It's a lot of fun so far!

I'm approaching it a bit differently since the course encourages using Scrimba. I prefer using VS Code and a range of npm packages to manually set up my dev environment.

The first app created in this course is a traditional Todo App. Here's a screenshot:

![Todo_App_Screenshot](./src/img/todo-app-screenshot-2.png 'Todo App Screenshot')

Colors are pulled from [Material.io](https://material.io/design/color/the-color-system.html#tools-for-picking-colors). I like how these palettes blend together easily. For this project I used the red, amber, and gray palette.

For anyone curious, here's how my VS Code looks. It's using [gruvbox light](https://github.com/morhetz/gruvbox) (hard contrast):

![Dev_Environment_Screenshot](./src/img/dev-environment-screenshot.png 'Dev Environment Screenshot')

And here's all three monitors:

![Dev_Environment_Screenshot_Full](./src/img/dev-environment-screenshot-full.png 'Dev Environment Screenshot Full')
